<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [SimpleModal][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]

## SimpleModal

A modal that can be used with react redux.

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][4]** 
    -   `props.children` **([Node][5] \| [Array][6])** The child elements to render.
    -   `props.backgroundShade` **[String][7]** The background shade to use. (optional, default `dark`)
    -   `props.closeButtonVisible` **[Boolean][8]** Determine if the close button is visible. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `props.closeButtonStyle` **[Object][4]** Extra style to apply to the close button. (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `props.closeButtonPosition` **[String][7]** The position of the close button. (optional, default `foreground`)
    -   `props.closeButtonBody` **([Node][5] \| [Array][6])** The body of the close button. (optional, default `close`)
    -   `props.onClose` **[Function][9]** The function to invoke when the modal closes.
    -   `props.onOpen` **[Function][9]** The function to invoke when the modal opens. (optional, default `()=>{}`)
    -   `props.isVisible` **[Boolean][8]** Determines if the modal is rendered into the DOM.
    -   `props.onEscapeKey` **[Function][9]** The function to invoke when then esacpe key is pressed. (optional, default `()=>{}`)
    -   `props.onClickBackground` **[Function][9]** The function to invoke when the background of the modal is clicked. (optional, default `()=>{}`)
    -   `props.containerClassName` **[String][7]** The classname to use for the modal container element. (optional, default `SimpleModal`)
    -   `props.layerPosition` **[String][7]** The layer position to use for the zIndex. (optional, default `above`)
    -   `props.defaultIndex` **[Number][10]** The default zIndex to start from. (optional, default `100`)
    -   `props.mainElementSelector` **[String][7]** The selector to use to find the main element in the DOM. (optional, default `main`)
    -   `props.mountPointSelector` **[String][7]** The selector to use to find the mount point element in the DOM> (optional, default `body`)

### Examples

```javascript
<SimpleModal
  isVisible={true}
  closeButtonPosition={"window"}
  onClose={() => {
    doClose()
  }}
  onEscapeKey={() => {
    doClose()
  }}>
  <div>An example modal body</div>
</SimpleModal>
```

[1]: #simplemodal

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Node/nextSibling

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
